How am I doing for a GZD and his brother?
I don't want to run to him.
It's bad, Axelado.
You know, if we took him out of the water, he would hunt on land.
What would he hunt?
Anything that moves?
Then's mother passed away a few months ago.
That was an old deed for her coastal property.
Lead leads yours to do with this you wish.
My mother never once mentioned this.
Some families have secrets.
What's the end of the summer?
There's the autumn breeze.
The bed?
Look at this.
It's incredible.
I have a buyer who's interested.
They've made a strong offer.
Is that serious?
I love you.
The badger drew himself up.
Took a firm grip with this stick
and flung the trap door of wider pain.
What is it?
It's a water tank.
All these old types of places would have run off rainwater.
Hello?
Let me go there.
What do you think it is?
I don't know.
Oh, sweetie.
Something's trying to get out.
Oh, no.
There's nothing we can do.
Get your feelings home.
The tank was open.
My mother wasn't crazy like they thought.
I'm tired.
It knows we're here.
There's nothing we can do.
Something we have secrets.